You two dogs
His family shared 11 kilograms of food stamps
12-Foot cloth ticket and 2.5kg stamp
There's even a catty of typical tickets
This is great.
It's just luck
What are you talking about?
Hey, I'm talking to you, right?
Never mind.
If it weren't for him, we wouldn't be able to eat pork
What's the matter, he just stepped on shit luck?
And the bad guys picked up four wild boars on the mountain
Besides, it's all collective.
What stamps did the village team reward him with?
Maiden cloth ticket
Why?
Where did you pick it up?
Didn't you hear what the couple said?
I fought all night yesterday.
Finally introduced the wild boar into the trap
But a little out-point error can kill you
He deserved to die.
Hey, what's the matter with you?
What's up?
Just that little pork bought you off
You've been listening to that bad guy
I'm helping you, not dear.
Come on. You
I think it's just gone.
You've been corrupted by that bad guy
I don't have it. If you miss Tang Sanzhen so much
Then you accompany him to remodel it?
What a liar! He's not been very nice to you!
I can't afford what you said, please tell me again.
I said you licked Tan Sheng like this
It's like being a dog's leg for a lifetime
You shut up
Why do you hit anyone casually?
You forgot that you were covered in feces
Who cleaned it for you?
You, I'll beat him to death today
Don't fight, don't fight, don't fight, don't fight
Blind date in this country
I just want to educate him well today
Lest he be corrupted by this bad guy
Obviously you are jealous of socialites
Said he didn't deserve the reward
People work so hard
Give us points at the end
You eat other people's meat and give it away
Really, that's a collective thing
Then he should be good at it.
Besides, why put the cloth
Tickets and thank you for the stamps in the pile
Give him all the tickets
The reward is for your unanimous consent.
Again
Without Xiaoning, you can eat wild boar today
Just the ungrateful guy
Like the disabled
What are you wearing?
Stop flattering and really bully Ling Yun
The last 10 bucks thing
Did you lie to him?